笙ｪAllergic to fast-food love,
even if it's too naive笙ｪ
笙ｪJust like a hug needs
the right body heat笙ｪ
笙ｪYour "same here" carries
a touch of resolve笙ｪ
笙ｪPack my bags, we can set off right now笙ｪ
笙ｪThe future is a wondrous,
unknown adventure笙ｪ
笙ｪThe journey itself is what
truly matters before the destination笙ｪ
笙ｪThose moments together
are what bind us strongest笙ｪ
笙ｪConnect笙ｪ
笙ｪLet's go!笙ｪ
笙ｪLeave worries behind
in yesterday's sentimentality笙ｪ
笙ｪToday, no dwelling
on negative emotions笙ｪ
笙ｪTomorrow holds more luck笙ｪ
笙ｪTogether we'll create moving melodies笙ｪ
笙ｪThe future begins to take shape笙ｪ
=Love in A Secret=
(I Just Want to Drown With You)
=Episode 13=
Mom.
(Grave of Mother, Shen Qi)
I've been wondering...
What exactly did you give me?
From my earliest memories,
it was always Grandma's face.
I always felt like
she was a bit impatient.
(Loving Mother)
She was impatient
when she took me out to get some sun.
when she told me stories, too.
It wasn't until
my sister came to find me
that I realized
love is actually like this.
It's telling
fun stories together in bed.
It's wearing pretty clothes together.
It's holding my hand
and teaching me how to draw.
Mom,
(Loving Mother)
sister has passed away from illness.
Now, it seems like I'm sick too.
Why me?
I never even had a decent childhood.
You know what?
I met
a very wonderful person.
I haven't even had
the chance to love him properly yet.
I don't want to go.
(Grave of Loving Mother, Shen Qi)
(Hai City People's Hospital)
I will definitely
take good care of myself.
Miss Lu,
this place...
was rented by a painter.
I heard he went abroad later,
so it's been vacant.
If you want to rent it,
the price is quite reasonable.
I'll take it.
Wonderful. Miss Lu,
you really have an eye for this.
The rent is...
I'm buying it.
Buying it?
I want a place
that belongs entirely to me.
It can't be a rental.
Please help me figure something out.
Yes, of course.
I'll call the owner right now.
Please wait a moment.
(Sister once told me)
(that throughout her short life,)
(she was always
playing different roles.)
(A daughter,)
(the Miss Lu of the Lu family,)
(and my sister.)
(When she was immersed
in each of those identities,)
(she would lose herself
for long periods of time.)
(To the point where,
other than her name,)
(everything else about Lu Zhu
was bestowed upon her by others.)
(But I am different.)
(I am Sun,)
(as in a little bamboo shoot breaking
through the soil after the rain.)
(I want to be myself.)
(I need to hurry)
(and be my true self.)
Why are you so happy today?
My studio.
I've been thinking about what to do
with the summer of my 19th year.
Recently, I came up with an idea.
I can hold an art exhibition
on the day of the summer solstice.
That sounds like a great idea.
So,
will you go?
That depends on your performance.
What do you mean, "my performance?"
Are you going or not?
笙ｪYou always tell me to get up early笙ｪ
笙ｪSo why didn't you stop at night?笙ｪ
笙ｪThe clock goes tick-tock, tick-tock笙ｪ
笙ｪI want to whisper
"I love you" into your ear笙ｪ
笙ｪI want to hold you tight
because I miss you笙ｪ
笙ｪOur relationship is like a play笙ｪ
笙ｪOur love needs no words笙ｪ
笙ｪI just want to be close,
just want to be close to you笙ｪ
笙ｪWe could have a couple of kids笙ｪ
笙ｪWe could live
in a house in the country笙ｪ
笙ｪHave time to talk about
what's on our minds笙ｪ
笙ｪAll the love
revolves around loving you笙ｪ
笙ｪThe summer breeze blows past my ear笙ｪ
- Some soup?
- I can't.
I'm nauseous.
Is it that bad?
I'll get you some water.
Okay.
It was the same
when I was pregnant with Man.
It lasted for several months.
Mom, have some water.
Mom and Mr. Lu,
I'm full.
I still have data to work on,
so I'll head up first.
Okay.
Hey, Lu.
Wait a second.
I have something to tell you.
What is it?
In a few days,
I'm inviting the recruitment teachers
from a national school
in Singapore for dinner.
You should come along then.
You're sending me to study abroad?
What else are you going to do
at your age if not study?
But didn't you want me to be an intern
and help you with background screening?
Your brother's project
will be finished next month.
Once it's done,
you'll go for further studies.
Study hard.
When you return,
you can help share the family's burden.
I understand.
Be honest.
What's the deal with the Lily Fan?
Are you jealous?
I saw her kiss you last time.
If she's just a regular colleague,
there's no need to greet you like that.
She's my ex-girlfriend.
But we broke up a long time ago.
And then?
And now she's my business partner.
She came back
to help me with my startup.
I think she still has feelings for you.
After all,
you two see each other all the time.
I can hear it now.
You really are jealous.
Well, there is a precedent.
For people like us
who see each other all the time,
it's very easy
to end up in bed together.
Have you ever thought
what would happen if they found out?
If they found out,
they would definitely
do everything they could to stop us.
So we have to make use
of every moment we have
before that day comes.
We can't waste a single second.
Go ahead.
Goodnight, Mr. Ye.
笙ｪBit by bit, I'll forget you笙ｪ
笙ｪBit by bit, I'll erase the memories笙ｪ
笙ｪFrom now on,
your image won't linger in my mind笙ｪ
笙ｪNor will those fragments of the past笙ｪ
笙ｪDays will slowly drift away
like passing clouds笙ｪ
笙ｪI'll learn to stop longing
for what's gone笙ｪ
笙ｪThe you in my memories笙ｪ
笙ｪWill fade from clarity笙ｪ
笙ｪHow much longer must I wait to笙ｪ
笙ｪForget you completely笙ｪ